uv upgrade (#287)
City-of-Helsinki/haravajarjestelma: README.md

Run migrations if needed:

    uv run python manage.py migrate

Create superuser if needed:

    uv run python manage.py createsuperuser

Import geo data

    uv run python manage.py geo_import --municipalities finland
    uv run python manage.py geo_import --addresses helsinki
    uv run python manage.py import_helsinki_contract_zones

### Daily running

* Set the `DEBUG` environment variable to `1`.
* Run `uv run python manage.py migrate`

> * Run `uv run python manage.py runserver 0:8085`

Reviewer: Can drop `python` from `uv run` since [uv detects .py files and runs them with Python automatically:](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/reference/cli/#uv-run)
> When used with a file ending in .py or an HTTP(S) URL, the file will be treated as a script and run with a Python interpreter, i.e., uv run file.py is equivalent to uv run python file.py.

```suggestion
    uv run manage.py migrate

Create superuser if needed:

    uv run manage.py createsuperuser

Import geo data

    uv run manage.py geo_import --municipalities finland
    uv run manage.py geo_import --addresses helsinki
    uv run manage.py import_helsinki_contract_zones

### Daily running

* Set the `DEBUG` environment variable to `1`.
* Run `uv run manage.py migrate`
* Run `uv run manage.py runserver 0:8085`
```

Author: Good point! 👍
